OSDOCS-15264:Update the z-stream RNs for 4.18.20 (#96032)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-18-release-notes.adoc

Space precluded documenting all of the container images for this release in the advisory.

You can view the container images in this release by running the following command:

[source,terminal]
----
$ oc adm release info 4.18.20 --pullspecs
----

[id="ocp-4-18-20-bug-fixes_{context}"]
==== Bug fixes

* Before this update, a subset of endpoints on the console backend were gated by `TokenReview` requests to the API server. In some cases, the API server would throttle these requests, causing slower load times in the UI. With this release, the `TokenReview` gating was removed from all but one of our endpoints resulting in improved performance. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-58317[OCPBUGS-58317])

* Before this update, useful error messages were not generated when the`oc adm node-image create` command failed. With this release, the `oc adm node-image create` command generates error messages when the command fails. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-58233[OCPBUGS-58233])

> * Before this update, the HAProxy configuration used the `/version` endpoint for health checks causing unreliable health checks to be generated. With this release, the liveness probe is customized to use `/livez?exclude=etcd&exclude=log` on {ibm-cloud-title} for more accurate health checks avoiding disruptions due to inappropriate probe configurations on Hypershift, while retaining `/version` for other platforms. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-58126[OCPBUGS-58126])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Before this update, the HAProxy configuration used the `/version` endpoint for health checks causing unreliable health checks to be generated. With this release, the liveness probe is customized to use `/livez?exclude=etcd&exclude=log` on {ibm-cloud-title} for more accurate health checks. This change avoids disruptions due to inappropriate probe configurations on hosted control planes, while retaining `/version` for other platforms. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-58126[OCPBUGS-58126])
```
"hypershift" is the upstream name, so this is a merge blocker; please update (see https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1DLS_lS3VKidgZIvcLmLp9BoiqptkvqHWfe1D5FD2kfk/edit?gid=1375785039#gid=1375785039)

* Before this update, the Machine Config Operator (MCO) updated boot images without verifying that the current boot image was from the marketplace. As a consequence, the MCO overrode a marketplace boot image with a standard {product-title} installer image. With this release, the MCO references a lookup table in {aws-first} that contains all standard installer Amazon Machine Images (AMIs) in {product-title} before it updates the boot image. In {gcp-first}, the MCO checks the URL header before updating the boot image. As a result, the MCO does not update machine sets that have a marketplace boot image. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-58044[OCPBUGS-58044])

> * Before this update, a validation issue in the `oc-mirror` plugin caused the command to reject the `file://.` reference. Using `file://.` for a content path generated an error message stating `content filepath is tainted`. With this release, `oc-mirror` properly validates the '.' directory reference. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-57970[OCPBUGS-57970])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Before this update, a validation issue in the `oc-mirror` plugin caused the command to reject the `file://.` reference. Using `file://.` for a content path generated an error message stating `content filepath is tainted`. With this release, `oc-mirror` properly validates the `.` directory reference. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-57970[OCPBUGS-57970])
```
not a merge blocker, but this looks like it needs backticks

* Before this update, the `oc-mirror v2` plugin was not using the correct filtered catalog during its operations. As a consequence, unspecified operators were included in the configuration and the plugin tried to connect to the catalog registry during disk-to-mirror workflows, even in air-gapped environments. With this release, the correct filtered catalog is used. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-57964[OCPBUGS-57964])

* Before this update, modals that used the same `useModal` hook instance overwrote each other. As a consequence, the {product-title} Lightspeed user interface disappeared. With this release, modals have unique IDs. As a result, modal conflicts are resolved, which enables the simultaneous user interface display for the *Lightspeed*, *Troubleshooting Panel*, and *Networking* pages.  (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-57931[OCPBUGS-57931])

> * Before this update, images were ignored and recreated on every reconcile call, which caused new caches and prevented the use of cached images. As a consequence, memory usage of Hypershift quickly grew, which created  performance issues. With this release, images in Hypershift are cached effectively by creating and using a global registry provider instead of recreating registry and release providers on every reconcile call. As a result, memory usage is optimized in Hypershift. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-57818[OCPBUGS-57818])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Before this update, images were ignored and recreated on every reconcile call, which caused new caches and prevented the use of cached images. As a consequence, memory usage of hosted control planes quickly grew, which created  performance issues. With this release, images in hosted control planes are cached effectively by creating and using a global registry provider instead of recreating registry and release providers on every reconcile call. As a result, memory usage is optimized in hosted control planes. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-57818[OCPBUGS-57818])
```

* Before this update, the `cadvisor` endpoint on the kubelet reported invalid metrics values, which combined the counter data with the data from different devices into one metric. With this release, the `cadvisor` endpoint reports valid metrics. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-57070[OCPBUGS-57070])

* Before this update, one of the `keepalived` health check scripts failed due to missing permissions. This failure sometimes caused the ingress VIP to be misplaced when shared ingress services were in use. With this release, the necessary permission is added back to the container. As a result, the health check works correctly. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-56624[OCPBUGS-56624])

* Before this update, `hostPath` volumes in the `kube-rbac-proxy-crio` pod were configured with read-write access, which violated security best practices for Kubernetes security. As a consequence, unauthorized modification of system files occurred because of the read/write `hostPath` mounts. With this release, `hostPath` mounts in the `kube-rbac-proxy-crio`pod are read-only to improve security. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-55246[OCPBUGS-55246])

> * Before this update, for clusters that were installed with the Agent-based Installer for versions 4.15.0 to 4.15.26, root certificates that were built in from CoreOS were added to the user-ca-bundle, even though they were not explicitly specified by the user. In previous releases, when you added a node to one of these clusters using the `oc adm node-image create` command, the `additionalTrustBundle` value obtained from the cluster's user-ca-bundle was too large to process, resulting in a failure to add the node. With this release, the built-in certificates are filtered out when generating the `additionalTrustBundle` value, so that only explicitly user-configured certificates are included, and nodes can be added successfully. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-54744[OCPBUGS-54744])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Before this update, for clusters that were installed with the Agent-based Installer for versions 4.15.0 to 4.15.26, root certificates that were built in from CoreOS were added to the user-ca-bundle, even though they were not explicitly specified by the user. In previous releases, when you added a node to one of these clusters using the `oc adm node-image create` command, the `additionalTrustBundle` value obtained from the cluster's `user-ca-bundle` was too large to process, resulting in a failure to add the node. With this release, the built-in certificates are filtered out when generating the `additionalTrustBundle` value, so that only explicitly user-configured certificates are included, and nodes can be added successfully. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-54744[OCPBUGS-54744])
```
not a merge blocker, but clearly a reference to a parameter somewhere
